yo what is up guys Santa one on Jer with
a new video for you guys today i am
showing you how to get sponsored by full
screen for youtube just for you to
pursue the purposes for this video right
now so with this video i'm going to be
showing you how to get sponsored on
youtube how you get money from being
sponsored and how you get become bigger
on youtube from being sponsored and i
think that's it so the first of all is
how to get sponsored by full screen now
this is a very simple step all you got
to do go to google right here just type
in google if you have a different
firefox or some like that then type in
full screen now full screen should be
the first thing that comes up full
screen and create differently ok so when
use the win this fossil just click on it
easily don't click the apply button
below because i don't think that does i
think that brings you to different link
and then you'll see these six different
categories of choosing creators home
brands fans sign in or join you're going
to like look join ok so seeing so i'm
already sponsored by full screen I can't
do anything really but I can't show you
like the insides I got getting sponsored
and stuff but what you got to do is you
get a click connect and then if you're
signed in to your Google account which I
am I have to block that then you should
it should come up here your picture or
something and just click accept and this
going to say ear for me because I'm
already sponsored see up there says
error but it should bring you to a
little sight of for full screen and then
it will give you a bunch of things that
you have to sign up for and it's very
simple I guess you can say but that's
that's how you sign up ok and after you
do that what's going to happen is if you
filled out everything correctly and you
told them about yourself and why you
want to be it sponsored and you picked
your category of YouTube videos and your
interests and why you want to get
sponsored all that then and from one day
I think it's 21 day 2 30 days you can
get pay you'll get found out about by
one of them and they'll review your
application with me it was like the
first two or three days and after that
they just accepted me right away I don't
know
why I guess they saw something in my
videos or something and they just put me
in there right off the bat but I got to
tell you something guys if you guys are
small-time youtubers and you're not
getting that you're getting less than
like 50 views every video then you
should not be trying to sponsor sign up
for this because what's going to happen
is remember i'm going to tell you this
right now and you get to remember this
with full screen you only get one cent
for every 10 10 views sorry for my voice
crack that happens so once every 10
views so thinking about that in your
mind right now once in every 10 views
means every 100 views is only ten cents
every thousand uses one dollar so when
you see those youtube videos out there
with a million views you wanna know how
much money that is it's a thousand
dollars and it just goes on and on and
on but if you are only making less than
50 views of video then you're getting
like five cents of video and those and
don't try to act like though that amount
of money is going to build up through
those videos like five cents five cents
just going to keep on going up and up
and up because it won't because what
you're forgetting is the portion of full
screen is they also get a percentage of
your amount of money that you're getting
in you're gaining from your YouTube okay
so you would only be getting maybe half
a cent every time someone comes to your
channel and looks up and it's not the
same like I'm just trying to say so here
we are at the full screen p page i'm
already signed in to my stuff so what
you want to do right off the bat when
you sign into full screen if your
sponsored already now you want to go and
you want to click on finish your profile
and stuff you want to put your paypal
and you want to put everything your
email every single thing you want in
there okay so after that you'll have
your profile one hundred percent
complete then what I did I went straight
down the groups right down here okay so
now what's going to happen here is
you're going to see a list ok and a big
list of different groups now these
groups are containing members okay of
full screen and with these members these
are other youtubers that are small too
decent sized youtubers okay so these
people are the people that you want to
law
and you want to do everything for them
to come into your channel so what I'm
going to do it here I'm just going to
come over here and I guess we'll go to
my channel my channel right here so
we'll copy my link to my channel we'll
go back to the full screen place now
click on one of the groups that have the
most members sign up if you can't join
then it must mean that you don't have
enough subscribers yet and you have to
go for a different one scene so I'm
already a member you just click up here
to join group and you should already
come down here and now what you'll see
is right here what's on your mind get
the discussion started this yep okay I'm
gonna say this yo what's up guys Santo
I'm not going to put some good grammar
in their sound 100 here and today I am
making a YouTube video for how to get
signed up for full screen come over to
my channel and check it out and then
I'll paste this in and you don't need to
have good gravities you guys like
understanding and just put them in just
post it right there bang and this is the
on the top as you can see in Esther's
for me it's for every single person in
this group so they're kind of they're
going to come to the group and they're
going to be before they check all
discussions happening they're gonna see
my new thing right here and they're
gonna go hey that's kind of cool why
don't we go check this guy out and maybe
give them a subscribe like and comment
and yeah so dr dot you can just get many
that's how i got most of my subscribers
i think but anyways that's mostly how to
get them the groups and how to get
people into your YouTube base so i told
you about how to sign up the money
earning and how to make your channel
bigger from groups so if this video was
helpful for helpful for you guys today
don't forget to leave a subscribe and
don't forget to comment and i would also
very much appreciate it if you guys left
a like down
they're below okay so also i am doing a
minecraft to give away if anybody who
out there wants to play minecraft it
doesn't have a minecraft camp or someone
who has a minecraft account and just
wants to have another minecraft account
come check out my 2nd recent video i
think it is and you'll come and you'll
see it and just go in there all you got
to do for this minecraft account
giveaway is go to my channel to the
video then you got a comment below what
you like about my videos you gotta like
and then you got to subscribe and I got
to make sure that all the people that
comment it and liked our subscribers
okay so i hope you like this video like
I said before comment subscribe and like
and I guess I'll see you guys next time
so purchase